Document how to dynamically update the allowlist of brokers (#90)
strimzi/metrics-reporter: README.md

auto.include.jmx.reporter=false
```

> The `prometheus.metrics.reporter.allowlist` configuration of brokers and controllers can be updated at runtime using the `kafka-configs.sh` tool or the `incrementalAlterConfigs()` method from the `Admin` API. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prometheus.metrics.reporter.allowlist` configuration of brokers and controllers can be updated at runtime without restarting Kafka.

You can update the configuration using either of these approaches:

* The `kafka-configs.sh` command-line tool 
* The `incrementalAlterConfigs()` method from the `Admin` API. 
```

> ```sh
> ./bin/kafka-configs.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 \
>   --alter --entity-type brokers --entity-default \
>   --add-config "prometheus.metrics.reporter.allowlist=[kafka_controller.*,kafka_log.*]"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example update using `kafka-configs.sh`**
```sh
./bin/kafka-configs.sh --bootstrap-server localhost:9092 \
  --alter --entity-type brokers --entity-default \
  --add-config "prometheus.metrics.reporter.allowlist=[kafka_controller.*,kafka_log.*]"
```
```

> 

Author: Should we also include sample Java code demonstrating the `Admin` API usage?

Reviewer: It might be useful?

Author: I've added an example
